
 [Transcriber's Note: This ebook contains two manuals by Delco: Delco Radio
  Owner's Manual Model 633 and Delcotron Generator Installation. They are
  separated by a divider.

  In the list on pages 10 and 11 of Delco Radio Owner's Manual Model 633,
  the second station line for Tulsa (which is CFRB 690) has been removed,
  as it is believed to be an accidental reprinting of the following station
  line. Redundant headers and (foot)notes on these pages have also been
  removed.]




 DELCO RADIO
 OWNER'S MANUAL

 MODEL 633




INSTALLATION AND OPERATING INSTRUCTIONS


This model of the Delco Radio is a six-tube super-heterodyne receiver
designed for operation with a HEADER type speaker. It comprises the best
in automotive radio engineering, featuring Syncro-Tuning--the newest,
most efficient antenna circuit yet developed, and Sensitivity Control.

The speaker and remote control unit are supplied in separate packages
and are available in a wide variety of types and styles, depending upon
the make and model of car the unit is to be used on.

The package contains:


                                                            _Part No._

 1 Receiver Unit, complete with tubes

 1 Speaker Unit (less Adapter)                                 1210934

 1 Combined Drilling Template and Radio--Dash Spacer

 2 Chassis Mounting studs, 1/4--20 x 2-1/2                     1207562

 2 Chassis Mounting Shakeproof Washers                         1208565

 2 Chassis Mounting Nuts, 1/4--20                               120375

 1 Antenna Lead                                                1209622

 1 Distributor Suppressor                                      1207818

 1 Generator Condenser                                         1849014

 1 Ammeter Condenser                                           1209333




INSTALLATION


=Antenna--=

See Instructions in antenna package.


=Chassis--=

This receiver may be installed on any car with Positive or Negative
ground without any changes of wiring.

When possible, locate the chassis on the driver's side of the dash, over
the steering column, with the removable cover plate facing the floor.
This position places the control shafts on the end of the case facing
the center of the car.

Locate the position of the mounting holes by means of the template
included in the package. Drill the holes, using a 3/8" drill, and scrape
the paint from around the holes on the engine side of the dash to insure
a good ground connection as there is no other ground connection for this
receiver.

Make sure that all tubes and the vibrator are pushed well down in their
sockets and that all the grid clips are properly in place on the top
caps of their respective tubes.

If a six-volt storage battery is available, check the receiver for
normal operation before permanently installing it on the car. The
antenna lead and control unit may be temporarily connected for this
test.

Insert the two receiver mounting studs in the back of the receiver case
with the "burred" threads nearest the receiver to make sure that these
studs do not enter the case far enough to cause damage to the receiver
parts.

Install the receiver, using the drilling template as a spacer between
the dash and the receiver case. Install the two shakeproof washers over
the chassis mounting studs. Then tighten the mounting nuts to insure
that the receiver case shall be thoroughly grounded to the dash.


=Antenna Lead--=

Attach the black antenna lead to the car antenna and plug the connector
on the antenna lead into the receiver chassis as shown in the
Installation Diagrams. Ground the pigtail of the antenna lead shield to
a convenient body bolt. Keep antenna lead out of engine compartment to
avoid possibility of ignition interference being picked up by the
lead-in.


=Speaker--=

See Instructions in speaker package.


=Remote Control Unit--=

See Instructions in remote control package.


CONTROL UNIT ADJUSTMENT

The volume control and station selector shafts are AUTOMATICALLY
adjusted as follows:

1. Insert control cables in their respective bushings on the case
(volume control is upper bushing when receiver is installed in the car),
until they seat themselves and then tighten the set screws.

2. Turn the station selector knob to the right (clockwise) until it
stops--then turn the knob counter-clockwise until it stops. The dial is
now logged.

3. Turn the volume control knob clockwise until the knob turns hard. The
volume control is now on full.


=Eliminating Motor Interference--=

Connect the ammeter condenser to the spring clip at the end of the wire
containing the fuse holder by means of the self-threading screw on the
side of the spring clip. Ground the other terminal of the condenser at
any convenient point.

Install the generator condenser on the generator side of the generator
cut-out as shown in the Diagram of Connections. DO NOT connect the
flexible lead to the field terminal of the generator.

Remove the center distributor lead and insert the distributor suppressor
in its place. Then plug the distributor lead into the suppressor.


=Adjusting Delco Syncro-Tuning--=

Turn the receiver on.

Tune-in a radio station which logs between 55 and 65 on the dial and
gives the radio a signal BARELY AUDIBLE in the speaker WITH the VOLUME
control FULL ON. A small snap button cap is located in the end of the
receiver case beside the antenna lead connection. Remove the snap button
cap by prying with a small screw driver.

By means of a small screw driver inserted in the hole which was covered
by the small cap, adjust the Delco Syncro-Tuning condenser unit for
maximum output in the speaker. Remaining on same station, readjust
station selector for maximum volume and readjust the Delco Syncro-Tuning
Condenser unit for maximum output. No further adjustment of this unit
will be necessary as the receiver is now adjusted for best operation
with your car antenna. Replace the snap button cap.




OPERATION


=To Turn On Receiver--=

Some control units have a small knob located below the center of the
dial. If your receiver is equipped with this type of control push this
small knob in as far as it will go. Other control units have a
combination on-off switch and volume control knob. To turn on this type
of control turn the knob clockwise until the switch clicks and the dial
is illuminated.


=Volume Control--=

Turning the volume control knob toward the right increases the output of
the receiver and turning it toward the left reduces the output.


=How To Tune The Receiver--=

Turn the volume control knob approximately half way to the right. Rotate
the station selector knob slowly until a station is heard. Tune this
station in until the minimum amount of background noise is heard.
Increase or decrease the volume to the desired level by adjusting the
volume control knob. Careful tuning will result in better tone quality
from all stations.

If the program being received is from a powerful local station local
interference may be practically eliminated by turning the sensitivity
control to the LOCAL position. You then will get the best possible
reproduction of that station's program.


[Illustration: =INSTALLATION DIAGRAMS=

GROUND TO DASH

CASE SPACER AND DRILLING TEMPLATE

DASH

AMMETER CLIP

AMMETER CONDENSER NO. 1209333

ANTENNA LEAD (BLACK)

VOLUME CONTROL BUSHING

FUSE

TO COIL

REMOVE SNAP BUTTON CAP TO ADJUST ANTENNA COMPENSATING CONDENSER

STATION SELECTOR BUSHING

DISTRIBUTOR SUPPRESSOR NO. 1207818

GROUND TO CAR

POWER LEAD

SENSITIVITY CONTROL

TONE CONTROL

ARMATURE TERMINAL

DO NOT CONNECT TO FIELD TERMINAL

VOLUME CONTROL

STATION SELECTOR

GENERATOR CONDENSER 1849014

SUGGESTED GENERATOR CONDENSER CONNECTIONS

ON-OFF SWITCH]


=Sensitivity Control--=

The sensitivity control is located on the lower, left front corner of
the receiver case and when turned to the LOCAL position it decreases the
sensitivity of the receiver sufficiently to greatly reduce interference
from street cars, electric signs, X-Ray machines, electrical machinery,
power lines, etc. It will also eliminate interference from weak
stations.

When the control is turned to the DISTANCE position the receiver is
allowed to operate at maximum sensitivity.


=Tone Control--=

The tone control is located on the lower, right front corner of the
receiver case. This control is to be adjusted at the operator's will.
However, most experienced operators prefer to set it for maximum treble
response when the car is operated at high speeds.


=To Turn Off The Receiver--=

If the control head has a key knob in the center pull the knob out until
it clicks into the off position and the receiver ceases to operate. If
you wish to lock the receiver, pull the knob all the way out of the
control unit and carry it with you.

If you are using the type of control unit which has a combination on-off
switch and volume control knob turn the knob to the left until the
receiver ceases to operate.




SERVICE


Should your receiver fail to operate, first check the fuse located in
the fuse holder in the ammeter cable. If you wish to remove your tubes
and vibrator for test purposes, their location is indicated below.

[Illustration: _Tube Complement_

2 Type 6D6
1 Type 6A7
1 Type 6B7
1 Type 6B5
1 Type 84]

Any further service work on your receiver should be referred to a
competent radio service station.

When at home call your local

 DEALER.................................

 AT.....................................

 TELEPHONE..............................

 DATE RADIO INSTALLED...................




PRINCIPAL BROADCAST STATIONS[A]

ARRANGED ALPHABETICALLY BY CITIES


 =Abilene, Kans.=
   KFBI                1050

 =Albuquerque, N. M.=
   KOB                 1180

 =Alexandria, Va.=
   WJSV                1460

 =Amarillo, Tex.=
   KGRS                1410
   WDAG                1410

 =Ames, Iowa=
   WOI                  640

 =Asheville, N. C.=
   WWNC                 570

 =Atlanta, Ga.=
   WSB                  740

 =Atlantic City, N. J.=
   WPG                 1100

 =Baltimore, Md.=
   WBAL                1060

 =Belle Plaine (Moose Jaw), Sask.=
   CJRM                 540

 =Billings, Mont.=
   KGHL                 950

 =Birmingham, Ala.=
   WAPI                1140

 =Bismarck, N. D.=
   KFYR                 550

 =Boise, Idaho=
   KIDO                1350

 =Boston, Mass.=
   WBZ                  990
   WBZA                 990
   WEEI                 590
   WHDH                 830
   WNAC                1230

 =Brookings, S. D.=
   KFDY                 550

 =Brooklyn, N. Y.=
   WBBR                1300

 =Buffalo, N. Y.=
   WBEN                 900
   WGR                  550
   WKWB                1480

 =Chattanooga, Tenn.=
   WDOD               1280

 =Chicago, Ill.=
   WBBM                770
   WCFL                970
   WENR                870
   WGN                 720
   WJJD               1130
   WLS                 870
   WMAQ                670
   WMBI               1080
   KYW                1020

 =Charlotte, N. C.=
   WBT                1080

 =Cincinnati, Ohio=
   WLW                 700

 =Clay Center, Nebr.=
   KMMJ                740

 =Cleveland, Ohio=
   WHK                1390
   WTAM               1070

 =Colorado Springs, Col.=
   KVOR               1270

 =Council Bluffs, Ia.=
   KOIL               1260

 =Covington, Ky.=
   WCKY               1490

 =Dallas, Tex.=
   KRLD               1040
   WFAA                800

 =Denver, Colo.=
   KLZ                 560
   KOA                 830

 =Des Moines, Ia.=
   WOC                1000

 =Detroit, Mich.=
   WWJ                 920
   WJR                 750
   WXYZ               1240

 =Eau Claire, Wis.=
   WTAQ               1330

 =Edmonton, Alta.=
   CJCA                730

 =Elmira, N. Y.=
   WESG               1040

 =Fargo, N. D.=
   WDAY                940

 =Fayetteville, Ark.=
   KUOA               1260

 =Fort Wayne, Ind.=
   WOWO               1160

 =Fort Worth, Tex.=
   KTAT               1240
   WBAP                800

 =Gainesville, Fla.=
   WRUF                830

 =Gary, Ind.=
   WIND                560

 =Great Falls, Mont.=
   KFBB               1280

 =Harrisburg, Pa.=
   WBAK              1430

 =Hartford, Conn.=
   WDRC              1330
   WTIC              1060

 =Havana, Cuba=
   CMCQ               780
   CMK                730
   CMW                590
   CMX                890

 =Hollywood, Cal.=
   KFWB               950

 =Honolulu, Hawaii=
   KGU                750

 =Hot Springs National Park, Ark.=
   KTHS              1040

 =Houston, Tex.=
   KPRC               920

 =Indianapolis, Ind.=
   WFBM              1230

 =Jackson, Miss.=
   WJDX              1270

 =Jacksonville, Fla.=
   WJAX               900

 =Kalamazoo, Mich.=
   WKZO               590

 =Kansas City, Mo.=
   KMBC               950
   WDAF               610
   WOQ                1300

 =Knoxville, Tenn.=
   WNOX                560

 =La Crosse, Wis.=
   WKBH               1380

 =La Prairie (Montreal), Que.=
   CRCM                910

 =Lawrence, Kans.=
   WREN               1220

 =Lansing, Mich.=
   WKAR               1040

 =Lincoln, Nebr.=
   KFAB                770

 =Little Rock, Ark.=
   KLRA               1390

 =Long Beach, Cal.=
   KFOX               1250
   KGER               1360

 =Los Angeles, Cal.=
   KECA               1430
   KFAC               1300
   KFI                 640
   KHJ                 900
   KNX                1050

 =Louisville, Ky.=
   WAVE                940
   WHAS                820

 =Lulu Island (Vancouver Island), B. C.=
   CRCV               1100

 =Madison, Wis.=
   WHA                 940

 =Mexico City, Mexico=
   XEB                1030
   XEN                 711
   XEW                 910
   XFG                 638
   XFI                 818
   XEFO                940
   XETR                610

 =Miami Beach, Fla.=
   WMBF               1300

 =Miami, Fla.=
   WIOD               1300
   WQAM                560

 =Milwaukee, Wis.=
   WTMJ                620

 =Minneapolis, Minn.=
   WCCO                810
   WDGY               1180
   WLB                1250
   WRHM               1250

 =Montreal, Que.=
   CKAC                730

 =Nashville, Tenn.=
   WLAC               1470
   WSM                 650

 =Newark, N. J.=
   WAAM               1250
   WNEW               1250
   WOR                 710

 =New Orleans, La.=
   WDSU               1250
   WWL                 850

 =New York, N. Y.=
   WABC                860
   WEAF                660
   WFAB               1300
   WJZ                 760
   WLWL               1100
   WOV                1130

 =Norfolk, Nebr.=
   WJAG               1060

 =Northfield, Minn.=
   WCAL               1250

 =Oakland, Cal.=
   KLX                 880

 =Oklahoma, Okla.=
   WKY                 900
   KOMA               1480

 =Omaha, Nebr.=
   WOW                 590

 =Ottawa, Ont.=
   CRCO                880

 =Philadelphia, Pa.=
   WCAU               1170

 =Piedras Negras, Coahuila=
   XEPN                585

 =Pittsburgh, Pa.=
   KDKA                980
   WCAE               1220
   WJAS               1290

 =Portland, Me.=
   WCSH                940

 =Portland, Ore.=
   KEX                1180
   KGW                 620
   KOIN                940

 =Pullman, Wash.=
   KWSC               1220

 =Raleigh, N. C.=
   WFTF                680

 =Reading, Pa.=
   WEEU                830

 =Reynosa, Tamaulipas=
   XEAW                956

 =Richmond, Va.=
   WRVA               1110

 =Rochester, N. Y.=
   WHAM               1150

 =Salt Lake City, Utah=
   KDYL               1290
   KSL                1130

 =San Antonio, Tex.=
   KTSA               1290
   WOAI               1190

 =San Diego, Cal.=
   KFSD                600
   KGB                1330

 =San Francisco, Cal.=
   KFRC                610
   KGO                 790
   KPO                 680
   KTAB                560
   KYA                1230

 =San Juan, Puerto Rico=
   WKAQ               1240

 =Schenectady, N. Y.=
   WGY                 790

 =Seattle, Wash.=
   KJR                 970
   KOL                1270
   KOMO                920
   KTW                1220

 =Shreveport, La.=
   KTBS               1450
   KWKH                850

 =Sioux City, Iowa=
   KSCJ               1330

 =Sioux Falls, S. D.=
   KSOO               1110

 =Spokane, Wash.=
   KFPY               1340
   KGA                1470
   KHQ                 590

 =Stevens Point, Wis.=
   WLBL                900

 =St. Joseph, Mo.=
   KFEQ                680

 =St. Louis, Mo.=
   KMOX               1090
   KWK                1350
   WEW                 760

 =St. Paul, Minn.=
   KSTP               1460

 =Strathmore (Calgary), Alta.=
   CFCN               1030

 =Superior, Wis.=
   WEBC               1290

 =Syracuse, N. Y.=
   WFBL               1360

 =Tallmadge, Ohio=
   WADC               1320

 =Tampa, Fla.=
   WDAE               1220

 =Toledo, Ohio=
   WSPD               1340

 =Topeka, Kans.=
   WIBW                580

 =Toronto, Ont.=
   CRCT                960

 =Tulsa, Okla.=
   KVOO               1140

 =Twp. of Kingston (Toronto), Ont.=
   CFRB                690

 =Villa Acuna, Coahuila=
   XER                 735

 =Wheeling, W. Va.=
   WWVA               1160

 =Wichita, Kans.=
   KFH                1300

 =Windsor, Ont.=
   CKLW                840

 =Winnipeg, Man.=
   CKY                 910

 =Yankton, S. D.=
   WNAX                570

 =York, Pa.=
   WORK               1000

 =Zion, Ill.=
   WCBD               1080


[A] Stations listed include only those of 1000 watts power (or
higher).

NOTE: Numbers following call letters indicate approximate dial setting.




WARRANTY

(_This Warranty not applicable outside U.S.A._)

Your Delco Radio Carries the Same Guarantee As Your Car


"The manufacturer warrants each new radio receiving set manufactured by
it to be free from defects in material and workmanship under normal use
and service, its obligation under this warranty being limited to making
good at its factory or designated Branches any part or parts thereof
which shall within ninety (90) days or 4,000 miles whichever expires
first, after installation of such auto radio receiving set for the
original purchaser, be returned to it with transportation charges
prepaid and which its examination shall disclose to its satisfaction to
have been thus defective; this warranty being expressly in lieu of all
other warranties expressed or implied and of all other obligations or
liabilities on its part, and the manufacturer neither assumes nor
authorizes any other person to assume for it any other liability in
connection with the sale of its products."

"This warranty shall not apply to any radio receiving set which shall
have been repaired or altered outside manufacturer's authorized Service
Stations in any way so as in the judgment of the manufacturer to affect
its stability, or on parts not made or authorized by the manufacturer
have been used for replacement or other purposes, nor which has been
subject to misuse, negligence, or accident."


 UNITED MOTORS SERVICE, INC.

 DETROIT, MICH.


 Form No. 2095                          Printed in U. S. A.




===========================================================================
===========================================================================




 Delco


 Rebuilt                                            1 55-D
 Delcotron Generator                               1845985


 Rebuilt by Delco-Remy. Division of General Motors, Anderson, Indiana,
 46011
 Made in U.S.A.              275829                  Printed in U.S.A.




12-17-71                        DR-7086


INSTALLING SERVICE DELCOTRON® GENERATOR

1. DISCONNECT GROUNDED CABLE FROM BATTERY.

2. If it is necessary to rotate the slip ring end frame to match the
unit being replaced, remove the thru bolts, separate frames just far
enough to rotate to desired position and replace thru bolts.

CAUTION: Separating the end frame too far causes the brushes to drop on
to the greased shaft. If this happens, remove end frame completely,
clean brushes with clean cloth, reassemble springs and brushes retaining
them in position with a pin (toothpick). Remove pin after frames are
reassembled.


WHEN INSTALLING DELCOTRON® GENERATOR WITH INTEGRAL REGULATOR, THE SLIP
RING END FRAME MOUNTING BRACKET IS NOT NEEDED.

3. When reusing the original fan, pulley and collar, tighten shaft nut
to 40 to 60 lb. ft. If torque wrench is not available, insert a 5/16"
hex wrench in end of shaft and tighten nut until the spring washer is
just flattened.

4. Install Delcotron® Generator and check belt tension, mounting bolt
tightness and make sure all electrical connections are clean and secure.

IMPORTANT: Never operate the Delcotron® Generator without being
connected to the battery. Never attempt to polarize the Delcotron®
Generator.


DELCO-REMY Division of General Motors Anderson, Indiana              BPI





End of the Project Gutenberg EBook of Delco Manuals: Radio Model 633,
Delcotron Generator, by Delco-Remy Division

